Clarifying the possible installation types (#15958)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/UPDATE.md

netdata -W buildinfo | grep -E 'Installation Type|Install type:'
```

The following table contains all possible installation types:

| Installation-type  | Description                                                                                                                                                 |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| binpkg-rpm         | RPM-based native packages shipped from Netdata's repos.                                                                                                     |
| binpkg-deb         | DEB-based native packages shipped from Netdata's repos.                                                                                                     |
| kickstart-build    | Build from source with the kickstart script's `--build-only` option.                                                                                        |

> | kickstart-static   | Installed the static builds, shipped from netdata via the kickstart script's (option: `--static-only`).                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| kickstart-static   | Installed the static builds, shipped from Netdata via the kickstart script's option: `--static-only`.                                                     |
```

> | manual-static-ARCH | Manually installed static Agent binaries by downloading archives from GitHub and installing them manually. Offline installations are part of this category. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| manual-static-ARCH | Manually installed static Agent binaries downloaded from GitHub. Offline installations are part of this category. |
```

> | manual-static-<arch> | Manually installed the Agent static binaries by fetching our tarballs and manually install them. (Offline installation are part of this category)     |

Reviewer 2: GH doesn't render `<arch>` 
<img width="1291" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-13 at 15 18 28" src="https://github.com/netdata/netdata/assets/22274335/c599f202-e625-4b30-8197-1f76adea5ee0">

> The following table gives you an overview of the possible _Installation types_ you may bump into:
> 
> | Installation-type    | Description                                                                                                                                           |
> |----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | binpkg-rpm           | RPM based native packages shipped from Netdata's repos.                                                                                               |
> | binpkg-deb           | DEB based native packages shipped from Netdata's repos.                                                                                               |
> | kickstart-build      | Build from source with the kickstart script's `--build-only` option.                                                                                  |
> | kickstart-static     | Installed the static builds, shipped from netdata via the kickstart script's (option: `--static-only`).                                               |
> | manual-static-ARCH   | Manually installed the Agent static binaries by fetching our tarballs and manually install them. (Offline installation are part of this category)     |
> | legacy-build         | Used for pre-existing kickstart.sh or netdata-installer.sh installations. This exist because we cannot determine how the install originally happened. |
> | legacy-static        | Same as legacy-build, but for static installs.                                                                                                        |
> | oci                  | Installed using our official Docker images, though not necessarily running on Docker                                                                  |
> | custom               | Anything not covered by the other identifiers, including manual builds, manually running netdata-installer.sh, and third-party packages (community).  |
> | Unknown              | Same as `custom`                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table contains all possible installation types:

| Installation-type  | Description                                                                                                                                                 |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| binpkg-rpm         | RPM-based native packages shipped from Netdata's repos.                                                                                                     |
| binpkg-deb         | DEB-based native packages shipped from Netdata's repos.                                                                                                     |
| kickstart-build    | Build from source with the kickstart script's `--build-only` option.                                                                                        |
| kickstart-static   | Installed the static builds, shipped from netdata via the kickstart script's (option: `--static-only`).                                                     |
| manual-static-ARCH | Manually installed static Agent binaries by downloading archives from GitHub and installing them manually. Offline installations are part of this category. |
| legacy-build       | Used for pre-existing kickstart.sh or netdata-installer.sh installations. This exist because we cannot determine how the install originally happened.       |
| legacy-static      | Same as legacy-build, but for static installs.                                                                                                              |
| oci                | Installed using official Docker images from Netdata, though not necessarily running on Docker                                                               |
| custom             | Anything not covered by the other identifiers, including manual builds, manually running netdata-installer.sh, and third-party packages (community).        |
| Unknown            | Same as custom.                                                                                                                                             |
```

Reviewer 2: Slightly change wording (removed "ours").
